too scared to leave her alone relatives
ofam Cal asked her to leave the tarim
refugee camp the camp is one4 that
Israeli forces raided early on Wednesday
part of the biggest assault on the
occupied West Bank in more than two
decades they used to leave us women
alone now after October the 7th they're
shooting left right and Center my
neighbor was killed in the camp as she
was just making coffee in her
home the Contin assaults make some too
worried to stay in their home the one
place where they should feel
safe the Israeli occupation is creating
an environment that pushes people out by
destroying the infrastructure almost
completely cutting electricity and water
they want to leave people with nothing
so they would ultimately have no other
option but to leave on their own t Kim
and Janine have seen the largest raids
and highest numbers of Palestinians
killed in the occupied West Bank since
the war on Gaza started
intensifying air strikes hundreds of
homes damaged roads
destroyed some people have flood the
camp this evacuation is only temporary
and dependent on the Israeli forces
leaving they're running away from the
terror for a while no one's talking
about leaving the camp all together the
Israeli Army says it's targeting
Palestinian Fighters members of armed
factions but Palestinians believe Israel
is targeting what these camps stand for
resisting the Israeli occupation and
reinforcing refugees right to return to
their land a few kilometers away from
her home ifam is worried about her camp
and the neighbors she left
behind I didn't want to leave my home
it's difficult when the raid is over I
can't wait to go
back ifam and many others Echo a similar
sentiment they say the Israeli forces
them out and this is exactly why they
intend to stay Ibrahim Al jaim
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz